so with the new janome horizon there are
no shortage of stitches as you can see
here there are hundreds of different
stitches that are available what's
unique is there's a couple of different
ways you can get them I'm going to come
over here and show you the front of the
machine and there's actually two ways
that you can get the stitches one is
with this toggle were dial which is very
unique and as you spin that you're going
to see the different stitches changing
so you can just very quickly rotate that
and go from one stitch to the other the
other way to do it is it's a touch
screen and there is a stylus that is
provided and as you can see all you do
is touch whatever stitch you want to do
and all the information comes up so two
different ways that you can do it some
of the features that just make the
janome horizon pretty unique I'm going
to come over here to some of the
functions as you can see at the top here
we've got a speed control of course
speed can also be controlled by how much
you press down the foot control but you
can override that with your speed
control and when we come over here you
see the button that has the pair of
scissors on it when you finish sewing if
you hit that button it will
automatically cut the threads for you
coming over to this button we've got
needle up down so you can tell the
machine where you want the needle to
stop when you take the foot off the foot
control we have a lock in stitch which
is a little bullseye and we have the
reverse button which is the arrow and
the start/stop button is kind of unique
obviously you can control the machine by
using the foot control but if you would
rather not use it simply unplug it hit
the start/stop button and then you can
control the machine with just the push
of a button
you